Welcome back.
I wanted to show you quickly another option you have for an editor and I mean there are a ton of options
for you to choose from of where you want to write your code and I prefer Sublime Text But I want to
show you Visual Studio code as well because between Sublime Text and Visual Studio code these two are
probably the most used most popular code editors for web developers.
Now the way you get Visual Studio code is while you go to their Web site and just download whichever
operating system you're on my case it's a Mac.
So I'll just download that and once it's downloaded I can just unzip it open it up from here we can
just open Visual Studio code and there we have it nice and easy.
Now the reason a lot of people like Visual Studio code is that it's free unlike sublime tax that allows
you to well still use it for free.
But every once in a while you get an annoying pop up to purchase the full subscription.
Visual Studio code actually has a really really nice plug ins and tools to make developing better.
Personally I like subline tax just because it is nice and simple and clean.
I find visual studio code can get noisy although you can change things around.
But let me show you how I would set up Visual Studio code.
Well we can just create a new file and let's create a new javascript file file save this save it to
desktop and we'll call the script.
RJ Yes.
One of the really neat things about the code and let's make this a little bit bigger.
If I create an object here let's say object and this will have a name of Sally.
If I go object dot Whoops that's not what I wanted.
Object dot.
You see that I get auto suggestions from vs code.
I don't have to install any plug ins.
Nothing at all.
But it detects what this object has as a property and it auto completes for us.
And underneath the hood it's using something called Intellisense and they give you a ton of suggestions
when you're typing.
As you can see here for example if I type in the window object I see all the methods and properties
that I can access which is really really nice and people really like this and if I make any mistakes
in my code you see that I get that underlined in red saying hey there's something wrong here.
So that's really really nice and has a few more options.
It has a debug feature that is really nice.
It also integrates with hub and source control.
My favorite feature is we can actually open up the terminal in here.
You see that I have my terminal right and my code editor which is really really nice you don't have
to switch between the screens like I do when I use subline tax and eiter although I actually like that
some people prefer having everything and just one go.
Now if I was using VS code there's two plug ins that I really recommend and if I go do fall over here
or let's go to code preferences and then do extensions there is a ton of extension here just like sublime
text.
And one of my favorites that I like using with the Skoda is coca and I'll show you what it does in a
second.
I'm going to install this and I've actually already installed it.
So I don't have to click anything here.
In your case you might have to click install will install it for you.
And once it's installed I can do something fun.
I can do command shift key.
Or if you're using Windows might a control shift B and it's going to display the editor's command palette
which again works the same as sublime text.
And if I do I think Quoc I hear you see the list of commands that I can use and most like in your case
you want to start a new javascript file.
So if I do this.
Check out what happens now.
If I create an object let's say object and I start typing a say name.
You see that it's actually evaluating the script and giving me an error.
So name is not defined.
If I do name is Sally all right everything is good and if I start typing things like Sally Daut Hi I'll
say Sally is not defined and it actually evaluates while we're writing which is really really neat and
I can just have Koca evaluate what I'm currently writing a book about.
I see that object has name sout very very cool.
So that's a really really fun plug in.
Another one that I really like.
And no we don't need to save that.
Another one that I really would like and probably the only other one that I would add is the dean dent
Decatur.
And again I have that already installed the nice things with the indicator is if you notice here I have
these lines.
Let's have another
object within an object you see that these lines are being highlighted here showing me where I am and
the code block which I find very useful.
And then finally just like with Sublime Text You can change the theme that you have.
So if you go to color theme for example you have a few default ones and a few others say you can just
install.
So I actually installed night owl which is one of my favorites.
I can see that you can download different themes and customize it to your liking.
That's enough about vs code.
Everybody has their own favorite coded editor.
There's no right one for web development.
You just pick the tool that you find yourself liking the most and you find your work the best with some
people.
Like a lot of plug ins some people like the simplicity of Sublime Text.
It's all up to you just customize it however you want because at the end of the day it doesn't matter
what code it Ed. you use.
But if I had to recommend to definitely sublime taxed or the code I'll see in the next one.
Bob.